Can acting take this place?
Could it be that the year on the sidelines is actually the president of Fuji Group?
Clean the front gate
Vuong Cuu, you didn't really say you wanted to fight.
Prosperity?
I said no.
Ma'am.
All in all, this man wrapped me in a big red envelope.
You are a bear, you let me compensate.
His acting proves that he has a villa in Bang Thien Nhat San.
Because I want to marry this girl.
I also didn't expect things to turn out like this.
Damn you.
Enough, you take advantage of the function.
uncle bribe play mission
I want you to get out of the iron immediately.
From now on, there will be no more room for you in Long Xuyen.
Ah.
Get in the car and get out.
I beg you.
Go away, you're not lying to me.
Daughter-in-law, wait, I've received this moving order.
I will definitely buy.
I'm not lying either, right?
Go away, I'm leaving.
Not going but not letting you go yet.
Why didn't you just want to take us to jail?
Going in such a hurry?
Check surveillance cameras immediately.
I want to see who burned the wine.
I will take him to jail.